# Coding Kata Workshop

Kata is a Japanese word, meaning a detailed choreographed pattern of movements made to be practiced alone or within groups when training.

Kata is a also term used by software engineers in the Software Craftsmanship movement. 
Software Engineers who call themselves Software Craftsmen, will write Kata.
Software Kata is a small snippet of code written in one sitting, repeatedly, often daily, in order to build up muscle memory and practice their craft.

Code Kata is a way to bring these element of practice to software development.

1) Repeat a task many times and make litte improvement in each time.
2) Build up muscle memory on specifc tasks. Remember stuff you learned along the way.
3) Short exercise (30 - 45 min long)
4) Programming to solve similar problems in different ways. 
5) The goal of coding kata is not getting to the final solutions. The goal is to practice regulary. 


A good coding kata practice sesison would be as follows:

1) A time without interruptions
2) A simple thing you want to try as many times as it takes
3) Review any mistakes that you made and learn from it
4) Look for feedback each time and work to improve
5) No pressure and no deadline

In this workshop, we will work together to go through one software kata exercise. 
I will teach you some of the techniques to focus and pratice your kata, and solve problems differently.


Kata Objectives

This kata will make you think about algorithms. 

Anagram are words created by rearranging the letters of the original word to make a new words

Given a dictionary and an input string, writ a program to find all anagram valid words from the dictionary.

Assume valid words are available in this dictionary. 

https://github.com/tmobil/anagram/blob/master/english.json

Example:

Input: car

Output: arc

Input: tar

Output: rat

Input: elbow

Output: below

Feel free to be creative, considering options such as words of differing character lengths, memory and performance considerations for the project.
